naturally cream blush and gel brushes
clean cream blood hey guys what's up
with me destiny here and I come to you
today with a blush brush video I
absolutely love blush and blush brushes
so I wanted to share some of my
favorites with you guys I get a lot of
questions about what type of brushes I
use and what type of brushes are better
for what type of blush and why so today
I want to kind of address those
questions I want to go ahead and start
out with one of my favorite tools for
blush especially for the summer
especially for oily skin or mature skin
and I'm going to go ahead and introduce
you to the beauty blending sponge and
I'm pretty sure you're very very well
acquainted with this now the reason I
bring this up is because gel blush cream
blushes and if you're going to use a
lipstick as a blush I think it should
kind of be applied with something like
this because it's so creamy and with
this how you use it is using it moist it
really helps to blend the products into
your skin it helps to spread it out
naturally cream blush and gel blush can
look fabulous or horrible depending on
how you apply it so i definitely
recommend using one of these for your
cream or your gel blushes or if you
don't have one of these i'm pretty sure
you have one of these now this is my
sigma i could never remember the name of
these brushes i swear this is my sigma f
50 duo fiber brush now if you can get
one of these or if you can even get one
of the smaller ones i think target sells
one I think it's like their basic their
basic brand that comes in a bluing white
package kind of generic well they sell a
mini dual fiber brush and i think is
absolutely brilliant for applying creamy
and emollient or gel blushes to your
cheeks because it helps like i said
before to spread it out a lot better
than say a brush would a regular
traditional blush brush would speaking
of traditional blush brushes most blush
brushes are very fluffy
I think that is because blush is one of
those things where you don't want it to
look to exactly two-staged you wanted to
be controlled and you want to be
flattering but you still want to look
soft and you don't want it to be able to
tell where your blush ends and begins
you know any harsh lines or any streaks
or anything like that so I really really
like this brush for that it's very
fluffy but it's not too fluffy it's easy
to control its dense but not too dense
it's tapered well it's soft and it
really really helps you to blend brush
brilliantly and just flawlessly it
effortlessly it's fluffy but not too
fluffy like I said it's big but not too
big you can see the size of it in
comparison to my cheek into my hand
which is I think something you should
always test out you don't want to have
this little tiny face and these little
cheeks with a huge blush brush because
then it's going to be all over your face
you won't be able to control it the way
this is shaped I can tape it take it and
dip it into my product or sweep it back
and forth or even swirl it and then take
it to my cheek and apply it in a way
that's flattering it also looks very
very natural on my face so I really like
this this is a Sonia Kashuk brush and
these are available at target I also
really like tapered brushes for blush
now for a while I really didn't like it
because I wasn't always into the blush
contour type of look I like this brush
because of the way it's shaped I like
the way this brush is shaped because
it's shaped on an angle so when you are
to dip this into your product most of
the product is going to be down here at
the foot of the brush and then when you
go to apply it to your cheek most of the
product is going to be back here near
your ear near your hairline and that's
how it should be blood should taper kind
of from darkest to lightest or from
darkest to lightest depending on how you
have your blush going so this really
helps you not only with your technique
with your makeup aesthetic I really
really like how this brush has kind of
changed my views on blush this is a very
tongue twisting video so bear with me
guys finally I have the
really fluffy brush from the H cosmetics
now the reason I like this is it's
because it's very very soft it's tapered
well I kind of like blush brushes some
time with white hair so you can see how
much product you have you can see how
much you're using and what I'd like to
do sometimes pickups blush dapple some
off on the back of my hand and then
blend it up there nicely and evenly this
gives a really nice bill to the blush
because it is so fluffy it's not going
to pick up too much product at once so
this is definitely one of my favorite
blush brushes if I had to pick a
favorite blush brush I would definitely
go ahead with the Sonia Kashuk brush I
really love the fact this fluffy but not
too fluffy has just enough of a round
shape it's just bulbous enough and it's
just a really really great brush um I'm
stuttering so much i always get blush
and brush confused so i'm trying to be
really careful when i speak so i'll have
to edit so much but i really really like
this brush as i said it doesn't apply
too much product it doesn't get too out
of control so this is something that you
might want to consider again this is
available i target guys these are just
my opinions these are not so much about
the brand of the brush but kind of the
make and the type of brush and you feel
free to go out and get any kind of brush
you want from one dollar to one hundred
dollars it's all up to you guys it's
more of a preference so as always guys I
want to thank you so much for commenting
grading and subscribing I'll be in touch
and hopefully you'll do the same by just
pump some right up here and you bounce
it all over your face and it helps to
create five points all over your face
that's right